#124867 +(1089)- [X]
Philips.com "live chat"
Please wait for a consultant to assist you.
mfennell will be with you momentarily!
mfennell says, "Thank you for contacting Philips USA Webchat. My name is Maurice. How may I assist you today?"
You say, "yeah.. i was looking at your digital camera keyrings and had a question"
You say, "i couldnt find what resolutions that were available to take pictures in"
mfennell says, "I will be more than happy to assist you with this information but first , please may I have your first and last name, zip code, city and telephone number so as to create a case file ?"
You say, "i realize it is 1.3 gigapixels and it comes in either 128 or 64 meg memory capacitys, but i dont know what res it will take picutres in"
You say, "er... do you really need all of that info? im not sure if im going to buy it or anything.. i just wanted to know the resolutions.."
mfennell says, "We would like this information so as to keep a record of each customer contact."
You say, "but im going to talk to you for all of like.. half a minute.."
You say, "my name and email address was allready submitted.. that should be more than enough"
mfennell says, "May I have the model number of the unit please?"
You say, "KEY008"
You say, "and KEY007.. if there is a difference"
mfennell says, "Thank you."
mfennell says, "With an issue like this what we suggest is that you contact us at 1-800-531-0039."
You say, "er.... lool.. ok... im not gong to give them my info either"
You say, "how bout i just look around for a different manufacturer that is less creepy.."
mfennell says, "With an issue like this what we suggest is that you contact us at 1-800-531-0039."
You say, "wow.. generated responses.."
You say, "really makes me feel i have a genuine connection w/the person helping me"
You say, "well thanx for spending a good 15 min of my time"
You say, "have a nice day...."
You say, "try not to seduce any 13 yr olds over the net..."
mfennell says, "Thank you."
mfennell says, "Thanks for contacting Philips USA. "
Your consultation has ended
mfennell leaves.
